Replace separate https and force_ssl flags with https + hsts (#11157)
opf/openproject: docs/installation-and-operations/installation/docker/README.md

following command:

```bash
docker run -it -p 8080:80 \
  -e OPENPROJECT_SECRET_KEY_BASE=secret \
  -e OPENPROJECT_HOST__NAME=localhost:8080 \ # Set the host name to what you will externally use it with
  -e OPENPROJECT_HTTPS=false \ # Disable HTTPS due to accessing container directly
  openproject/community:12
```

> 

Reviewer: Having `\` to split lines wont work if followed by `#`.

I can't propose a good suggestion because of the triple backticks in the edited code, but I would suggest adding another paragraph after the command explaining why `OPENPROJECT_HOST__NAME=localhost:8080` and `OPENPROJECT_HTTPS=false` are set.

docker run -d --env-file path/to/file ...
```

#### Disabling HTTPS mode

By default, OpenProject will expect a HTTPS request in production systems.

> In most cases, you will have an external web server or load balancer terminating the SSL/TLS connection and proxy/reverse-proxy to the docker container. You will then have to set up the web server to forward the protocol information (usually, this is X-Forwarded-Proto but depends on your web server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, you will have an external web server or load balancer terminating the SSL/TLS connection and proxy/reverse-proxy to the docker container. You will then have to set up the web server to forward the protocol information (usually, this is `X-Forwarded-Proto` but depends on your web server).
```

**Note**: This does not imply the docker container itself is running on SSL.

If you _really_ want to disable HTTPS responses by OpenProject, you will need to add the environment variable `OPENPROJECT_HTTPS=false`. Note that this will disable secure cookies for session cookies, and is strongly discouraged for any production system.

#### Disabling HSTS headers and insecure request upgrade

> If OpenProject is running as HTTPS, it will output HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) headers by default, which will force the browser to upgrade a request to HTTPS even before calling the web server. On the server side, if a request is still unsecured, OpenProject will return a redirect to HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If OpenProject is running as HTTPS, it will output HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) headers by default, which will force the browser to upgrade a request to HTTPS even before calling the web server. On the server side, if a request is still issued through HTTP, OpenProject will return a redirect to HTTPS.
```

Precise what `unsecured` means

need to configure OpenProject accordingly by adding the following options to the `docker run` call:

```
-e OPENPROJECT_RAILS__RELATIVE__URL__ROOT=/openproject \
-e OPENPROJECT_RAILS__FORCE__SSL=true \
-e OPENPROJECT_RAILS__RELATIVE__URL__ROOT=/openproject
```

The `force ssl` option can be left out if you are not using HTTPS.

> 

Reviewer: Nice catch
